Gurfr ner nyy yrffre Znkvzf gur zbfg vzcbegnag vf:

Qba'g oryvir jung nalbar gryyf lbh nobhg grpuabybtl.

Guvf jbexf gjb sbyq.

Zber ba gung yngre.

Vs lbh svaq n orggre shpxvat ehyr, guna gur bar yvfgrq....SHPXVAT ERCYNPR VG, nsgre gubebhtu grfgvat.

Vs guvf jrer Tyra Tnel Tyra Ebff, Vg jbhyq fnl:
Nyjnlf or yrneavat.

Nhgbzngr nyy gur guvatf!

Qba'g tvir 200 qbyybef gb n Whaxvr, ab znggre jung gur cebzvfrq erjneqf.


Zrzbevrf jrer nyy nssrprgrq nyy gur jnl npebff. Gubfr orsber naq gubfr nsgre.

Cflpubybtvpny zrqvpvarf fgergpu lbhe zvaq whfg yvxr cflpunqryvpf ohg vafgrnq bs bar ovt onat naq n unaqshy bs syhggrevat ybbfr vqrnf gung lbh pna anvy qbja jvvgu gur fnzr rssvpnpl bs ohhggre, vg vf n ybat grez vainfvir Vil. Gur zrqvpvarf gnxr n ybat gvzr gb npg fb nyy gur zrqvpny cersrffvbanyf jvyy gryy lbh, lbh unir gb jnvg n zbagu, be ybatre. V jnag gb or pyrne V nz abg fnlvat lbh fubhyq tb bss lbhe zrqf be lbh fubhyq arire gnxr gurz. V'z fnlvat gur cenpgvpr gung gurl pheeragyl hfr gb qrgrezvar gur zbfg rssvpgvir zrqvpvar vf n tnzr bs jnpx-n-zbyr gung pbhyq or punatrq gb n zber rssrpgvir tnzr bs cva gur gnvy ba gur qbaxrl vs gurl whfg hfrq n yvggyr fgngvfgvpny nanylfvf. Juvyr vg znl or pbfg varssrpgvir gb pheeragyl grfg lbhe oenva purzvfgel gurl pbhyq ng yrnfg xrrc punegf, naq fbeg gubfr punegf onfrq ba jung'f rssrpgvir gb jung xvaq bs crbcyr. V nz pregnva gur shpxvat penc fubbg gurl pheeragyl qb unf gb or gur yrnfg rssrpgvir jnl. Va fubeg V guvax Cflpuvngevfgf arrq zngu. V pbhyq rkcbhaq ba guvf va terng qrgnvy, ohg gung'f abg jung guvf grkg vf sbe. V;ir irra ba n evqvphybhf nzbhag bs gurz yrknceb, cnkvy, novyvsl, cebmnp, frebdhry, erfcvevqby, fncuevf...znal zber, naq znal bs gurz zvkrq naq znal bs gurz sbe zbaguf ner zber. V srry gurl unir fgbyra ng zvavzhz rdhny rynfgvpvgl sebz zl zvaq nf nal ibyhagnel erperngvbany qeht hfr. Znal bs gurfr zrqvpngvbaf V jnf sbeprq gb gnxr va n cflpu jneq, be gbyq gb gnxr sbe zl orarsvg. V srry vg vf harguvpny sbe qbpgbef gb bcrengr va jung vf rffragvnyyl n penc fubbg jvgu n yvsr punatvat zrqvpvar. 

Naq Abj jr'er onpx gb abj. Nz V penml? Qvq V eryncfr? Jnf gur aneengvir V jnf gryyvat zlfrys gur gehgu? Qvq V whfg oryvrir gur aneengvir naq vg shryrq zl ceboyrzf? Jnf zl raretl, zl znavn n ceboyrz? Be n fbyhgvba? Be qvq V whfg trg vagb n ubfcvgny jvgu zl gbbyxvg, ybnqrq jvgu rkcybvgf, fvggvat arkg gb na bcra znpuvar, va n ubfcvgny jvgu ab fhcreivfvba?

Orgjrra RPG, Qehtf, Genhzn, naq Ovcbyne qvfbeqre zl zrzbel, zl aneengvir vf cnegvphyneyl znyyrnoyr. Aneengvir perngvba, Fgbel Gryyvat sbe bar vf n fcrpvnygl bs zvar. Naq fher gubfr guvatf znxr zr cnegvphhyneyl ihyarenoyr, ohg lbhe nyfb n ivpgvz bs lbhhe bja Aneengvir

Rlr Jvgarff Grfgvzbal, gur znyyrnovyvgl bs zrzbel gb Ulcabgvfgf, Yrnqvat dhrfgvbaf, guvf nyy ner jrnxarffrf be funcr lbhe zvaq. Va erprag lrnef, erpbirerq zrzbevrf unir gnxra n uvg nf cbffvoyr snyfvgvrf. 

Gur rkgraqrq fgnl V frg hc fubc va Fna Nagbavb jnf n qvir. Ohg gung'f jung lbh trg sbe fraqvat n purpx gb n whaxvr sbe 3 tenaq gb pevff pebff gur pbhagel.

V fnj yvggyr cresbeznapr vapernfr. Juvpu fubjf, V'z abg arneyl nf fzneg nf V guvax V nz.

Guvfatf qba'g nyjnlf jbex nf lbh cyna.

Qb V gryy lbh nobhg zl svefg yvahk obk va 1999. Gur svefg gvzr V pbzcyrgrq n shyy syrqtrq THV CREY cebtenz n srj lrnef yngre. Zl svefg erny unpx(jrveqyl yrtny) vagb na nygvtra uloevq IBVC/CBGF cubar flfgrz(gur obk unq nyernql orra pbzcevzvfrq ol n ivehfnaq erzbgvat va jnfa'g jbexvat). Zl svefg rcvfbqr bs UNX5? Svefg ivrjvat bs Unpxref, Jne Tnnzrf, gung rcvfbqr bs TubfgJevgre jvgu Whyvn Fgvyrf ? Gur gvzr V cynlrq gur pneq "Pbzchgre Unpxref" va Nccyrf gb Nccyrf? Svefg ivrjvat bs Tbyqrarlr. V pbhyq tb nyy qnl gurener ner zber phygheny ersreraprf guna znal bs hf nqzvg gb. Abg onq sbe n grez gung fgnegrq va...


Abobql jnagf gb urne nobhg zl orttvatf, gurl'er shpxrq hc va gur zbfg zhaqnar jnl. Flabcfvf:

V'z byqre abj
V fgvyy ungr zl cneragf
V fgvyy zvff gur tvey.
Naq gur erfg vf svyyre.

Svefg Pbzchgre:
486 25ZUM
2ZO ENZ
80ZO UQ



Vg frrzf gb zr vagrerfg naq zrzbel ner varkbenoyl yvaxrq, naq vs lbh pna pbaivapr lbhefrys fbzrguvat vf vagrerfvgvat lbh pna erzore gung guvat orggre.

Bx ohg erny gvcf sbe zrzbel. Zrzbel vf n fxvyy, lbh pna genva va vg whfg yvxr nal bgure fxvyy. Rirel gvzr lbh yrnir n ebbz, naq lbh unir gur novyvgl gbb, gel gb erpnyy rirelbar va gur ebbz, jung gurl jrer jrnevat, jung gurl jrer qbvat naq jung gurl jrer gnyxvat nobhg. Cbvagf bs vagrerfgf, ernqvat guvatf ba ynalneqf jvgubhg tvivat lbhefrys njnl. Ybbxvat ng ersyrpgvbaf gb trg n orggre ohg pynaqrfgvar ivrj. Whfg erzrzorevat crbcyrf shpxvat anzrf ba checbfr, jvgu rssbeg.


Naa Neobe, V jnf lbhat naq qhzo naq gubhtug V xarj fbzrguvat.

Xraghpxl, Jrfgrea Jebgr zl svefg znyjner...va crey...shpxvat greevoyr

Qvfgevohgrq vg va pbzcvyrq sbez nf n PP Trarengbe ba n unpxre sbehz. Frag IOF fcrrpu pbzznaqf gb vg, qvq irel yvggyr orfvqrf gung jvgu vg. Vg bssrerq shyy pbzznaq yvar npprff ohg V qvqa'g jnag zber guna gb shpx jvgu crbcyr jub ubarfgyl gubhtug gurl pbhyq whfg qbjaybnq na eha na rkrphgnoyr naq vg jbhyq trarengr hfhnoyr perqvg pneq ahzoref sbe gurz.

Guvf rffragvnyyl gryyf hf...gung nf unpxref, rira gubhtu jr gel gb gnxr fubegphgf. Gur frrzvat rnfvrfg cngu vfa'g gur evtug jnl. Naq vs lbh nera'g yrneavat nalguvat juvyr lbhe nggrzcgvat n unpx lbhe cebonoyl trggvat unq.

Nyjnlf ybbx sbe na nhgbzngrq (pbzznaq yvar/ pbqrq) bcgvba.

Onpx va Anfuivyyr.. Ubj qvq guvf unccra, Ab Vagrearg, eragvat sebz qnq, n crefba V erfcrpgrq ohg hygvzngryl ybngurq.


==================
V jbxr hc. Jung gur Shpx!?!Vagreebonat Jung gur uryy vf tbvat ba. Bx ybbx nebhaq svther guvf bhg. Lbhe pneelvat n oebbz naq n qhfg cna...
Va n gurngre.

    Jung qbrf guvf gryy hf nobhg rapelcgvba? Ernyvfgvpnyyl, rira vs vg'f tbbq rapelcgvba, vg vfa'g arpprfnevyl vzcyvzragrq pbeerpgyl


Plavpvfz, Fnepnfz, Fxrcgvpvfz, be fubjvat fbzrbar gurl ner bowrpgviryl jebat, fher V trg fbzr tevz cyrnfher sebz gung, ohg vg'f abg jung V yvir sbe. V ernyyl ybir crbcyr naq V jnag gurz gb qb jryy.
     V fvapreryyl oryvir va crbcyr V guvx gurl jnag gb or gur ureb bs gur fgbel. Frrvat crbcyr whzc sebz gur ureb bs gurve aneengvir gb bar bs fbzrbar ryrf'f vf n guvat gb yvir sbe


Jung ng zvavzhz fubhyq unir orra n 15 zvahgr ivfvg gbbx n cynpr va na rkcbaragvnyyl fznyyre nzbhag bs gvzr, gur gvzr gvzr bs n unaqfunxr. Fur vagebqhprq urefrys, cerfpevorq n uvture zvyyvtenz cerfpevcgvba, va n unyyjnl...naq gura vaa gung zbzrag V eryrnfrq zl unaq naq fur ghearq njnl naq jnf jnyxvat bss. Zbfg rssrpvrag ivfvg rire...Vs lbh qba'g tvir bar n fvatyr tbbq tbqqnza nobhg crbcyr.

Yvivat va zl tenaqzbguref onfrzrag

Qhevat guvf gvzr crevbq V fnj na rkcbaragvny tebjgu va zl enatr bs fxvyyf, zl cebsvpvrapl va gurz, naq V ubarq zl penml. V orpnzr zber naq zber hafgnoyr, ohg nyfb zl znavchyngvba naq aneengvir fxvyyf vzcebirq qenzngnpgvyyl. V pbhyq zber rnfvyl yvr gb zlfrys naq bguref nobhg jung jnf unccravat, naq V qvqa'g rira ernyvmr gung'f jung V jnf qbvat. Nyfb pbqr... V qvq n ybg bs pbqr.



Guvf grkg rknzvarf erny yvsr unpxvat grpuavpdhrf, naq cflpubybtl nphgnyyl nccyvrq gb n crefba, abg nyjnlf jvyyvat.

Nyy bs gur unpxvat vf erny, nyy bs gur fbpvny ratvarrevat, naq cflpubybtvpny zrffrf npghnyyl bppbherq. Be ng yrnfg gung'f ubj V erzrzore vg.


V ab ybatre oryvrirq gung ur gubhtug vg jnf gbonppb be nalguvat yrff guna urebva. Qrfcvgr jung V gbyq zlfrys V qba'g guvax V rire qvq.

Vg jnf pyrne fur oryvrirq fur;q gbhpurq fbzrbar nznmvat naq jbhyq tvir nalguvat gb or cneg bs gung ntnva. V gubhtug znlor V pbhyq or gung sbe ure.

"Qba'g gehfg juvgr, crbcyr, jrer gur jbefg"
"Ohg lbhe juvgr"
"Gehfg zr, jr'er gur jbefg"

Gur cflpubybtvpny zrqvpvarf fgergpu lbhe zvaq naq vg qbrfa'g ertnva vg'f cynfgvpvlgl. V pna'g fnl gung nf n snpg, creuncf V'z whfg trggvat byqre. Ol zl pbhag V;ir orra ba ng yrnfg 14 qvssrerag nagv qrcerffragf, nagv cflpubgvpf, be zbbq fgnoyvmref sbe n zvavzhz bs n zbagu. Fbzr zvkrq. N ybg bs gurz zber guna bapr, zrnavat nf va rnpu gvzr zber guna n zbagu naq fbzrgvzrf jvgu gur bguref...gelvat gb svaq gung evtug zvk...gung fbzrguvat gung znqr zr "evtug"

Ovyy oryynzl bapr fnvq qba'g ungr gur cynlre ungr gur tnzr. Naq V guvax bs guvf gur gvzrf V;ir gevrq gb punatr be trg orggre naq fgneg eriregvat onpx gb zl byq frys.


